Are we mad?
We are not.
This is an Funny Nightgeon in the
gap.
The News slice is a bit...'
Windows...
Windows?
to strengthen the treaty but not to instigate them.
We have someone who means what we want
as an example,
friends of awoman,
the subject of the citizens of the Boa
have pointed out that
if we надо one began to fratriciate
on it,
we will force the next country
to act
by using
Also, Google blocks off of the America-Korea establishing of world forces from the heyday,
the resistance to combo after launch own war.
Why not go on to the future Extremist campaigns mainly İşel arma.
We must keep dominating our enemies during the occult war.
We must concentrate on the victory of the war,
and we must concentrate on the strength of the helmet,
and all our strength,
However, the constitution of strengthening the domestic situation
I believe that it will be finalized at two o'clock in the morning.
The plan for the 15th direction is to fully fulfill the high-level strength of the Mata-ni-kou army.
I believe that the high-level strength of the Mata-ni-kou army
will be completed at two o'clock in the morning
and the enemy will be completely defeated.
I would like to express my special appreciation
to the government for this opportunity.
First of all,
I would like to emphasize the mental strength of the people.
Thank you.